---
layout: single
title: License
permalink: /license
---

# License

## Not-otherwise-specified license

When not specified otherwise, the material for this course is licensed under
the CC-BY 4.0 license, available at
<https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0>.

Please check carefully whether the licenses below may apply.

## Brain images

The individual brain image data come from two OpenFMRI datasets:

* [dataset ds107](https://openfmri.org/dataset/ds000107)
* [dataset ds114](https://openfmri.org/dataset/ds000114)

The files from the ``ds107`` and ``ds114`` datasets are covered by a Public
Domain Dedication and License (PDDL) version 1.0 at
<http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/pddl/1.0/> . We release all derivative
images in this repository under the same license.

The brain image template with names starting `mni_icbm152` are contained in, or
derived from the MNI non-linear templates archive
`mni_icbm152_t1_tal_nlin_asym_09a` last found at
<http://www.bic.mni.mcgill.ca/~vfonov/icbm/2009/mni_icbm152_nlin_asym_09a_nifti.zip>
via <http://www.bic.mni.mcgill.ca/ServicesAtlases/ICBM152NLin2009>.  The
original images have the following license (where 'software' refers to the
image):

    Copyright (C) 1993-2004 Louis Collins, McConnell Brain Imaging Centre,
    Montreal Neurological Institute, McGill University.

    Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
    documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
    that the above copyright notice appear in all copies.  The authors and
    McGill University make no representations about the suitability of this
    software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or
    implied warranty.  The authors are not responsible for any data loss,
    equipment damage, property loss, or injury to subjects or patients
    resulting from the use or misuse of this software package.

## Website machinery

The overall machinery to build the website comes from
<https://github.com/choldgraf/textbooks-with-jupyter>. The license below covers
the files used to build the site, but not the content.

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Chris Holdgraf

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
